I don't think it's important at all I
had absolutely no idea even up to the
point where I had to finally make a
decision as to where I wanted to do so
initially so with osteopathic medicine
and I think it's changed a little bit
but in certain states and I don't know
for sure if that's still an issue you
had to have a rotating osteopathic year
if you wanted to do certain specialties
and so I figured well what's the harm in
doing an extra year of training anyways
so I opted to do the osteopathic
rotating year like that way it gave me
more options you know when I finally
knew and even so the problem is with the
timing that you have to apply for these
positions it only gave me about one or
two months into the osteopathic rotating
year so that really didn't help me much
and so I was still left at the end being
like well what do I want to do and and
then ultimately I just realized that I
liked being able to know about
everything and you know even if I'm not
gonna specialize in that I would at
least know a little bit have an
understanding and be able to send them
to the right person
so that's finally when I made my
decision that I was like well family
medicine it makes sense you get to do a
little bit of everything and treat every
age so yeah so I had absolutely no idea
before going in mm-hm
dr. Simmons you mentioned before the you
you right I think that you know you do
12 weeks of surgery you do 12 weeks of
medicine you do 12 weeks of OB and
during each rotation in my case with the
exception of surgery you say I'm going
to do this like I thought for sure when
I was at Cook County Hospital in Chicago
delivering 12 babies a night this is
what I'm going to do until the next few
weeks when I had to do gynecology
oncology and I had to do I thought oh I
can't do this you know then I did peds
and I thought oh this will be fun and
then until some poor child came in you
know very sick and I thought oh I can't
do this so I think you need to go into
each one of your rotations with eyes
wide open saying hey is this a fit for
me and you really will feel it so I
think for traditional Western medical
schools the third-year resident
year/year allows you that opportunity
and then forth you you to electives and
so during that period of time you can
really kind of formulate before you have
to do the match yeah
and I've heard that echoed by a lot of
recent medical graduates that I've
spoken to they they come in thinking
that they were going to do one one
specialty and then completely change
their view at some point usually in in
30s they're doing the rotations